If you would like to become involved with the project, join the community and
share PowerBroker Identity Services with other users and developers.

## Obtaining the Source Code

PowerBroker Identity Services, Open Edition is maintained in a git repository
hosted at [GitHub](https://github.com/BeyondTrust/pbis-open).

The following set of commands will download the PowerBroker Identity Services,
Open Edition code base:

    $ git clone https://github.com/BeyondTrust/pbis-open.git
    $ cd pbis-open

To build the code, please read the instructions in the
[README.md](https://github.com/BeyondTrust/pbis-open/blob/master/README.md)
file in the top-level directory.

## Contributing

[Contributor License Agreement
(CLA)](https://github.com/BeyondTrust/pbis-open/wiki/docs/Contribution%20License%20Agreement%20(CLA)%20BeyondTrust.pdf)

PowerBroker Identity Services, Open Edition requires all individual
contributors of ideas, code, work, or documentation to the PowerBroker Identity
Services, Open Edition Source Project must complete, sign, and submit an
Individual Contributor License Agreement (CLA). Please contact BeyondTrust at
openproject@beyondtrust.com to discuss and submit your agreement. 

All contributions will be reviewed and considered for acceptance. BeyondTrust
will solely determine if the project contribution is accepted and will notify
the contributor along with providing them a copy of the fully executed
agreement.

The purpose of this agreement is to clearly define the terms under which
intellectual property has been contributed to the PowerBroker Identity
Services, Open Edition Source Project and thereby allow us to defend the
Project should there be a legal dispute regarding the software at some future
time.

BeyondTrust requires a signed CLA before it will consider acceptance of any
contributions to the PowerBroker Identity Services, Open Edition Project.

For a corporation that has assigned employees to work on the PowerBroker
Identity Services, Open Edition Source Project, a Corporate CLA (CCLA) is
available for contributing intellectual property via the corporation as a
whole. Note that a Corporate CLA does not remove the need for every developer
to sign their own CLA as an individual, to cover any of their contributions
which are not owned by the corporation signing the CCLA.

## Report Bugs

You can help improve PowerBroker Identity Services, Open Edition by finding and
reporting bugs. We track bugs using [GitHub
Issues](https://github.com/BeyondTrust/pbis-open/issues) for PowerBroker
Identity Services Open Edition. 

## Develop Patches

Programmers can participate in the development of PowerBroker Identity
Services, Open Edition by submitting a patch as a suggested solution to an
existing bug in [GitHub
Issues](https://github.com/BeyondTrust/pbis-open/issues).
